{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red138\green146\blue155;\red138\green146\blue155;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99985\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99971;
\cssrgb\c60964\c64111\c67096;\cssrgb\c60874\c64016\c67078;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid302\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid701\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid8}
{\list\listtemplateid9\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid801\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid9}
{\list\listtemplateid10\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid901\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid10}
{\list\listtemplateid11\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1001\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid11}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}{\listoverride\listid9\listoverridecount0\ls9}{\listoverride\listid10\listoverridecount0\ls10}{\listoverride\listid11\listoverridecount0\ls11}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16680\viewh12440\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Customer Behaviour Analysis Qs\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}top-selling products \
{\listtext	2.	}most active users\'a0\
{\listtext	3.	}prices for each product and compare them to determine which products are more expensive and which are less expensive.\
{\listtext	4.	}signed up for the website\'92s premium membership program\
{\listtext	5.	}most likely to sign up for the program\
{\listtext	6.	}which benefits of the program were the most appealing to customers.\
{\listtext	7.	}trends in customer demographics.\
{\listtext	8.	}identify the top-selling products, the most active users, and the demographics of customers who were most likely to sign up for the premium membership program\
{\listtext	9.	}customers, especially about their visiting patterns\
{\listtext	10.	}how much money they\'92ve spent \
{\listtext	11.	}which menu items are their favourite\
{\listtext	12.	}which products are the most popular\
{\listtext	13.	}which products generate the most revenue.\
{\listtext	14.	}How long the system has been active \
{\listtext	15.	}Did any set of users signup together\
{\listtext	16.	}how long users have been active on the system and if there are any patterns in signup dates.\
{\listtext	17.	}What is the retention of Premium customers?\
{\listtext	18.	}How many users who signed up did not or did opt in to premium plan after a particular event/trigger\
{\listtext	19.	}What is the expected wait time for a user to opt in to premium plan given the user meets the criteria of a premium user.\
{\listtext	20.	}Include total rows in every analysis\
{\listtext	21.	}What is the revenue generated from Premium users?\
{\listtext	22.	}which products or services are most popular among Premium users\
{\listtext	23.	}If the revenue generated from Premium users is significantly higher than that of non-Premium users, then it suggests that the loyalty program is successful\
{\listtext	24.	}how long each Premium user has been a member\
{\listtext	25.	}What is the most popular product among Premium users? - which products to prioritize in our menu and marketing campaigns.\
{\listtext	26.	}What is the total sales revenue generated in each year?\
{\listtext	27.	}which years had the highest and lowest sales revenue.\
{\listtext	28.	}which factors contribute to sales fluctuations\
{\listtext	29.	}How has the sales revenue changed over the years? - calculate the percentage increase or decrease in revenue each year\
{\listtext	30.	}which years have shown the most growth or decline in sales\
{\listtext	31.	}What is the average Premium-signup compare to just sign up for the users?\
{\listtext	32.	}how many times on average Premium members have placed an order\
{\listtext	33.	}What is the total amount each customer spend on Online Food Delivery? - identify high-spending customers and tailor our services accordingly.\
{\listtext	34.	}What is the frequency of customer visits to the online platform? - user engagement\
{\listtext	35.	}What was the first order purchase by each customer ?\
{\listtext	36.	}What is the most purchase item on the menu and how many times was it purchased by all customers?\
{\listtext	37.	}total revenue generated by each product? What is the highest and lowest revenue product and what is the quantity?\
{\listtext	38.	}Identify top-selling products? - focus on promoting these products to generate more revenue and profits. This information can also be used to optimize the inventory and stock levels of these products to ensure that they are always available to customers.\
{\listtext	39.	}Is loyalty program successful?\
{\listtext	40.	}How do you determine overall business performance?\
{\listtext	41.	}What are the most and least expensive products/components/raw materials?Why does the product/component/raw material cost so much? What is the price of individual component? What is the price of raw material? - You might have to get the costs from different data sets.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Outcomes\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}deliver a better and more personalised experience for his loyal customers.\
{\listtext	2.	}customer loyalty program\
{\listtext	3.	}Predict customer behavior, \
{\listtext	4.	}Predict sales trends,  \
{\listtext	5.	}Predict product performance\
{\listtext	6.	}make decisions about pricing and product offerings in the future based on which products are the most popular and which products generate the most revenue.\
{\listtext	7.	}Premium membership usually comes with additional perks and benefits like exclusive offers, faster shipping, and priority customer support, among others. - Can these be supported some way through data. Is it feasible?\
{\listtext	8.	}reasons for not opting premium plan like personal preference, lack of interest in the offered benefits, or inability to pay the additional fees for Premium membership. Does data show this or can we find out?\
{\listtext	9.	}identify trends and opportunities for growth.\
{\listtext	10.	}increased customer retention, repeat purchases, and positive referrals\
{\listtext	11.	}A low Premium user count suggests a need for program improvement, which can be done by offering better rewards or simplifying the redemption process.\
{\listtext	12.	}providing personalized recommendations, improving the user interface, or offering more discounts or loyalty rewards. Additionally, we can use this data to predict future customer behavior and make data-driven decisions. Based on user engagement.\
{\listtext	13.	}an effective program leads to increased customer retention, repeat purchases, and positive referrals.\
{\listtext	14.	}A low number suggests a need for program improvement, which can be done by offering better rewards or simplifying the redemption process. \
{\listtext	15.	}drive growth and profitability.\
{\listtext	16.	}At the end of the day businesses want more money, so things that drive more revenue, faster shipping, more productive employees, etc. Always ask, does this recommendation makes or saves money in some way?\
{\listtext	17.	}Strategic planning, resource allocation, and forecasting future business performance.\
{\listtext	18.	}geographic reach and market penetration of the business\
{\listtext	19.	}pricing dynamics, customer spending behavior over time\
{\listtext	20.	}highest and lowest revenue contributors in each state, purchasing power, preferences of customers\
{\listtext	21.	}logistics and operational planning\
{\listtext	22.	}inefficiencies in logistics operations\
{\listtext	23.	}efficiency and reliability of the logistics operations\
{\listtext	24.	}regional disparities in shipping costs\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Common screen behaviour questions\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 {\listtext	0.	}Signup screen\
{\listtext	0.	}Filters screen \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Common qs based on Industry\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 {\listtext	0.	}Online delivery\
{\listtext	0.	}E-com\
{\listtext	0.	}Social Media\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	0.	}Views\
{\listtext	0.	}Clicks\
{\listtext	0.	}Reposts\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	0.	}Pharma\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Common types of Analysis\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 {\listtext	0.	}m-o-m: Month on Month\
{\listtext	0.	}y-o-y: Year on Year\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 To Consider\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Festivals \
{\listtext	2.	}Locations\
{\listtext	3.	}Disasters\
{\listtext	4.	}Seasons\
{\listtext	5.	}Manufacturing and transportation damages\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
Typical expenses\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Logistics\
{\listtext	2.	}Staff\
{\listtext	3.	}Stationary \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Startup metrics\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls8\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}CLV - customer life time value \
{\listtext	2.	}list of high value users - top of CLV list\
{\listtext	3.	}First touch attribution for all high value customers - what marketing channel they first encountered the product\
{\listtext	4.	}What percentage of high value customers came from which marketing channel originally?\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Judging criteria - datacamp.com
\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 Response quality (65%)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls9\ilvl0
\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Accuracy (20%): The response must be representative of the original data and free from errors.\
\ls9\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Clarity (15%): The response must be easy to understand and clearly expressed.\
\ls9\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Completeness (15%): The response must be a full report that responds to the question posed.\
\ls9\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Insights (15%): The response must contain some insights based on the data using your own judgment and interpretation.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 Storytelling (20%)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls10\ilvl0
\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 How well the response is connected to the original data.\
\ls10\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 How the narrative and whole response connects together.\
\ls10\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 The report contains sufficient depth but is also concise.\
\ls10\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 How the response flows from one point to the next.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 Presentation (15%)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls11\ilvl0
\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 The use of appropriate visuals.\
\ls11\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 How well-formatted the response is.\
\ls11\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Spelling and grammar.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}