{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16680\viewh12440\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Analysing My Bank Statement - Past 5 years\
\
Clean the table \
1. Narration col:  In all UPI transactions remove text after 2nd hifen \
2. \AppleTypeServices \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Chq./Ref.No. col: Remove first char and last 4 chars\
3. Remove all credits\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
Analysis\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What is the min purchase amount from Zomato?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What is the max purchase amount from Zomato?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What is the largest spend?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What is the smallest spend?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
How many transactions per day, week, month, quarter, half year, year, total transactions?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	6.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
How many transactions belong to Zomato?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	7.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Total spend on phone bills - Check for Airtel keyword in Narration col.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	8.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Total spend on food - Check for ZOMATO, SRI SAIRAM TIFFINS, MARPINA PRATHAP, \AppleTypeServices \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 PRASANNA KUMAR  BOMM\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 keywords in Narration col.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	9.	}Total spend on Zomato\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	10.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Total spend on Badam Milk - Check for \AppleTypeServices \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 PRASANNA KUMAR  BOMM\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 keyword in Narration col.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	11.	}Which transaction id has the most number of debits.\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	13.	}What are the unique purchases across all categories. \
{\listtext	14.	}What are the unique purchases across all categories apart from \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
the most frequently spent transaction id\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
{\listtext	15.	}Total spend on e-commerce sites - Check \AppleTypeServices \cb1 FLIPKART, AMAZON keywords.\
\ls1\ilvl0\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb3 {\listtext	16.	}Total spend on Medicines - Check \AppleTypeServices \cb1 APOLLO, PHARMACY keywords.\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	17.	}What is the highest recurring payment every day, week, month, year\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
}